#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements-dev-frozen.txt requirements-base.txt requirements-dev.txt
#
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via django
async-generator==1.10
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   flake8-bugbear
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-core
    #   outcome
    #   pytest
    #   trio
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via django
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   celery
black==22.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
boto3==1.23.4
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
botocore==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
brotli==1.0.9
    # via urllib3
brotlipy==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
cachetools==5.1.0
    # via google-auth
celery==5.2.6
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
certifi==2022.5.18.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   urllib3
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   brotlipy
    #   cryptography
    #   milksnake
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
confluent-kafka==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   sentry-arroyo
coverage[toml]==6.3.3
    # via pytest-cov
croniter==1.3.5
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
cryptography==37.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   fido2
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-u2flib-server
    #   urllib3
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   toronado
cssutils==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   toronado
datadog==0.44.0
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
dictpath==0.1.3
    # via openapi-core
distlib==0.3.4
    # via virtualenv
django==4.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   django-pg-zero-downtime-migrations
    #   django-picklefield
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
django-crispy-forms==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
django-pg-zero-downtime-migrations==0.11
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
django-picklefield==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
djangorestframework==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
docker==3.7.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via docker
drf-spectacular==0.22.1
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
email-reply-parser==0.5.12
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
exam==0.10.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
fido2==0.9.3
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
filelock==3.7.0
    # via virtualenv
flake8==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   flake8-bugbear
flake8-bugbear==22.4.25
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
freezegun==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
google-api-core[grpc]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.6.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-bigtable==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
google-cloud-core==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-pubsub==2.12.1
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
google-cloud-storage==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
google-crc32c==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.3.3
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.56.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.4
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
grpcio==1.46.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.46.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
h11==0.13.0
    # via wsproto
hiredis==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
honcho==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
identify==2.5.1
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   urllib3
importlib-resources==5.7.1
    # via jsonschema
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   openapi-core
    #   python3-saml
isort==5.10.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
jmespath==1.0.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
kombu==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.7.1
    # via openapi-core
lxml==4.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   python3-saml
    #   toronado
    #   xmlsec
maxminddb==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
milksnake==0.1.5
    # via
    #   sentry-relay
    #   symbolic
mistune==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
mmh3==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
mock==4.0.3
    # via exam
more-itertools==8.13.0
    # via openapi-core
msgpack==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
msgpack-types==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
mypy==0.812
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   sentry-arroyo
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
nodeenv==1.6.0
    # via pre-commit
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
openapi-core==0.14.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
openapi-schema-validator==0.2.3
    # via
    #   openapi-core
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.4.0
    # via openapi-core
outcome==1.1.0
    # via trio
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   pytest
parse==1.19.0
    # via openapi-core
parsimonious==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
petname==2.6
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
phabricator==0.9.1
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
phonenumberslite==8.12.48
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
pillow==9.1.1
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==2.19.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
progressbar2==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
prompt-toolkit==3.0.29
    # via click-repl
proto-plus==1.20.4
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
protobuf==3.20.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2-binary==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyflakes==2.4.0
    # via flake8
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
pyopenssl==22.0.0
    # via urllib3
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pytest==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-rerunfailures
    #   pytest-sentry
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
pytest-rerunfailures==10.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
pytest-sentry==0.1.9
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   croniter
    #   freezegun
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
python-rapidjson==1.6
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
python-u2flib-server==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
python-utils==3.2.3
    # via progressbar2
python3-saml==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   djangorestframework
pyupgrade==2.32.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   openapi-spec-validator
    #   pre-commit
rb==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
redis==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   rb
    #   redis-py-cluster
redis-py-cluster==2.1.3
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
regex==2022.4.24
    # via parsimonious
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   datadog
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   phabricator
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
responses==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.5.2
    # via boto3
selenium==4.1.5
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
sentry-arroyo==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
sentry-relay==0.8.12
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
sentry-sdk==1.5.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   pytest-sentry
simplejson==3.17.6
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   docker
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   fido2
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   isodate
    #   openapi-core
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-memcached
    #   python-u2flib-server
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   virtualenv
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via trio
snuba-sdk==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   django
statsd==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
structlog==21.5.0
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
symbolic==8.7.2
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
tokenize-rt==4.2.1
    # via pyupgrade
toml==0.10.2
    # via pre-commit
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
toronado==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
trio==0.20.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.9.2
    # via selenium
typed-ast==1.4.3
    # via mypy
typing-extensions==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
ua-parser==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
unidiff==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3[brotli,secure,socks]==1.26.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.20
    # via -r requirements-base.txt
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.14.1
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
websocket-client==1.3.2
    # via docker
werkzeug==2.1.2
    # via openapi-core
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via pytest-sentry
wsproto==1.1.0
    # via trio-websocket
xmlsec==1.3.12
    # via python3-saml
zipp==3.8.0
    # via importlib-resources
zstandard==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements-base.txt

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
